here's the spark online upgrade and a
couple other features press the Menu key
to bring up this menu go over to spark
it'll log you in automatically hit
upgrade software this will show you all
the versions of spark that are available
the nice thing about the way we have
this set is your alien will
automatically show you a ticker when
you're watching TV saying and upgrades
available you normally don't have to
constantly check you would select one of
these press the red key to upgrade takes
about 10 minutes or so does it fully
automatically what will happen if you do
an online spark
upgrade it will keep your satellites
your channels and your settings most
everything it will wipe out some of our
North America stuff like the North
America web portal so there'll be a
patch on the FTP where you can apply
that with IFT peeing into your alien or
you can wait until we have a full
version upgrade available and do it that
way too
now the online databases these are all
for Europe don't load them they'll mess
up your day
another neat option is the weather
forecaster this will well do what it
says it does show you your local weather
you can add and delete cities to it this
is for for Minneapolis Minnesota press
the blue key to go from Celsius to
Fahrenheit red key will update it etc
etc I online user manual it's not that
great
ebook is for future functionality
there's nothing available for it at the
moment